You...
Me?
I can't get out of character.
Cut!
[Episode 1]
[Magic City 2026]
Hello, is this the audition for Deep In?
Hello.
Are you Mr. Zhang Zhun, here for the audition?
- Yes, that's me. - This way, please.
This one's not bad.
Cut! That's enough.
Director.
This is Mr. Zhang Zhun, here for the audition.
Hello, Director Chen.
My name is Zhang Zhun.
I'm a student at Huxin Academy of Dramatic Arts.
I'm currently signed with Starry Entertainment.
I have experience as a stunt double.
A small face and a youthful look.
It doesn't match your actual age.
Director Chen, if the role requires it,
I can also appear more mature.
No need.
For this character, you're a great fit physically.
But...
I want you to be more arrogant.
You need to be beautiful, stoic, and neurotic.
Because this character wears fine suits and drive nice cars.
Director, are we done yet?
My lips are numb from all the kissing.
Zhen, do you want some water?
Are we actually casting,
Or is this a crash course for straight actors to go gay for fame?
Their gazes say they're clocking in for work.
The kissing is giving me a workplace injury.
Throwing a tantrum again?
You're just like Madam Qin when she was young.
Mr. Zhen, this is Mr. Zhang Zhun, here for the audition.
Hello, Mr. Zhen. We meet again.
Have we met before?
Oh, it's been about seven or eight years.
It's normal that you don't remember.
I was the female lead's stunt double in Gallop.
So, the female lead's stunt work isn't enough for you anymore?
Now you want to try for the male lead...
Romantically?
Mr. Zhen, so you two are acquainted.
When you debuted as the second lead in "North Peak,"
The female thief you chased down the whole street...
That was him.
I don't remember any of that.
Director Chen.
What are we testing this time?
An intimate scene.
Then let's begin.
Wait, Director Chen.
Could Mr. Zhen and I...
Go prepare for a moment?
Ten minutes.
- Go ahead. - Okay.
Sorry, I don't know how to do this.
The character in the script does.
Mr. Zhen, I've thought of a few ideas...
If you can't keep up, then get lost.
Fine.
Let's start then.
Wait.
I'm not ready yet.
Never filmed an intimate scene before?
No, not this kind.
Then...
Let's just try it.
Aren't we going to discuss the roles?
What's there to discuss?
We don't necessarily have to kiss.
Hugging would work, too.
Director.
Is just hugging okay?
No.
There are at least three sex scenes.
Two are fully nude.
And no clearing the set.
You heard him.
No hugging.
Director, we're ready.
Are you messing with me?
You're ready, but I'm not.
Then I'll...
Help you out a bit more.
Keep the audition footage of these few people.
Yes, Director.
Stop squirming. We're filming.
Action!
More tension and emotion.
Just pretend it's Dan Yi's tongue.
But...
Dan Yi doesn't smoke.
Mr. Zhen did even better this time.
As expected of a Best Actor.
Xiao Zhang is still a bit lacking.
Yes, yes, just like that.
Keep going, keep going.
Not bad. They got into character quickly.
It's getting better and better.
Cut!
That's more like it.
The restroom is over there.
Not bad. You have great couple chemistry.
The dynamic is excellent.
Mr. Zhen.
When the curtains were drawn, what were you two doing?
Here's the list for the next scene.
Got it.
Pack everything up.
It's almost time to wrap up.
Oh, okay.
Send me your location. I'll pick you up in a bit.
Hold on. Mr. Zhang, well...
The director and Mr. Zhen went to meet the producer.
So, your audition for today is over.
If you're selected, the crew will send you a message.
Okay, thank you.
- Good work. - I'll head out then.
Sure. By the way...
Wait a second. I'll pick you up in a bit.
Okay, sure. Just a moment.
[Xie Dan Yi]
- Hello, Zhun. - You're still up?
I couldn't sleep without your report.
How was it? Are you home yet?
Not yet.
It's so late.
Pang called me on my way home.
He said a friend was coming to the warehouse for props.
He's busy on set and can't leave.
So, I came over to help him out.
You really are a good guy.
How did it go today?
Judging by the director's feedback, it should be okay.
But there were a lot of people auditioning.
I still have to wait for the results.
It doesn't matter.
It's better if they choose someone else.
I don't want men hitting on you every day.
Who would want to hit on an old guy like me?
You'd be surprised.
My parents called me again today.
They asked when you'd meet my family.
Zhun.
I don't want to pressure you.
But at my age...
Dan Yi.
Let me try one more time.
This year.
If it still doesn't work out,
I'll consider giving up on acting.
The person for the props is here.
I'll hang up now.
Bye.
I've just lost my youthful spirit.
And gray hair is already at my temples.
Lin.
Thanks for the audition recommendation.
But could you please put in a good word for me?
I really need this opportunity.
[But could you please put in a good word for me?]
[I really need this opportunity.]
Dating is fine.
Just hide it better.
Look at how many endorsements we've lost.
Does he want to quit the industry?
Legal letters are useless.
Tell him again, the company forbids internal dating.
Stop looking for trouble.
- Qin, sir. - How many times have I told you?
It's Madam Qin.
Ma'am!
I don't quite understand.
Director Chen's gay art film...
Is basically a stepping stone and a petridish for a new couples.
How did this spot fall to Zhang Zhun?
My goodness.
Isn't it good that he chose an artist under your management?
It is.
But...
How can such a good thing just fall from the sky?
Zhang Zhun doesn't have the star factor.
The company gave up on him long ago because he couldn't be promoted.
And this time...
[Zhang Zhun]
Zhen Xin was the one who chose him.
Stop joking, ma'am. How is that possible?
What a long face.
Got scolded again?
The thread bashing me...
Already has over a thousand comments.
He said, "Do it if you can."
"If not, get lost."
The assault incident on set was really a misunderstanding.
Didn't I already explain it?
All right.
My dear... that's all in the past now.
Come on, pick one.
What do you mean?
I've secured the lead role in Chen Zheng Sen's film for you.
The co-star hasn't been decided yet.
These are all actors from our company.
See if anyone catches your eye.
I'll recommend them for the screen test.
You want me to carry a rookie, so they can leech off my fame?
Oh, come on.
You're already so famous.
Don't be so petty with me.
I know you're only in your twenties...
And have a bright future as a newly crowned Best Actor.
What the company is doing... is a bit much.
But it's normal to want to cash in on the hype.
Just think of it...
As compensation for all the years I've slaved away for you.
How about it?
Come on, pick one.
[Zhang Zhun]
Here.
Are you sure?
Choose carefully.
What kind of ugly boy did you pick?
No.
[Zhang Zhun]
I want him.
I don't know why Zhen Xin chose him.
They don't have any history, do they?
Could he have offended Zhen Xin before?
Then this "ugly boy" is in for a rough time on set.
But it really is a great opportunity.
Well then, good luck to you both.
Got the beef rolls.
And your favorite mushroom beef sauce.
Beef rolls... Mushroom beef sauce...
That should be everything.
Actually, besides the hot pot...
Dan Yi, I passed the audition!
Really? That's wonderful!
- We have to celebrate tonight! - I can't.
There's no time.
The crew said I have to join them tomorrow.
I have to fly to Coconut City right away.
- Dan Yi... - I understand.
Don't worry about me. I won't go hungry.
- Go back and pack your things. - Okay.
I'll have the groceries delivered to you.
I owe you that hot pot.
When I'm done filming, I'll make it up to you.
Okay, I'll be waiting.
Just scan here.
Do you need a bag? [Expense: 163, Remaining balance: 1,735.85.]
- No, thanks. - All right.
- This is yours too, right? - Yes, all of these.
I have a membership.
Can you scan it for points?
Sure thing. Okay, I understand.
Right, I see.
Okay, thanks for your hard work.
I'll follow up with them.
Sure, okay.
And about that project we discussed...
Is it a go? [Food's here, but I'm worried about you]
Then it's fine. No big deal. [Full story behind Zhen Xin on-set assault]
Okay. Thanks for your hard work.
This works. Okay.
Let's leave it at that.
Cut!
Zhen Xin, that was a perfect take.
That's a wrap for today.
Good work, Mr. Zhen.
Buddy, can I borrow your umbrella?
The stars don't have one over there.
Thanks.
Watch your step, Mr. Zhen.
Gossip news loves to exaggerate.
Don't pay any mind to it.
I'll take care of myself.
Lin.
Are you nervous?
Are you and Zhen Xin close?
Huh?
No.
I was just the stunt double for the female lead in his scenes.
I know that.
Anything else?
You haven't offended him, have you?
Like yelled at him? Or stole his girlfriend?
Lin... I don't even have him on WeChat.
Did something happen?
No, no. I'm just asking.
Why would he be so kind?
Listen, remember this.
Zhen Xin is our company's top star.
When you're on set, you have to be quick-witted.
Do you know what I mean?
Flatter him when needed.
Praise him when needed.
Just don't ever offend him.
- Got it? - I understand.
All right, get some rest.
[Coconut City]
Mr. Zhang.
Thanks for coming. This way, please.
Mr. Zhang, we meet again.
I'm the casting director for this film, Zhao Chen.
You can just coordinate with me from now on.
Okay.
- I'll take your suitcase. - No, it's okay.
I can manage.
It's fine. The elevator is over there.
Okay.
This is your room key.
The shoot officially starts in half a month.
So, only you and Mr. Zhen have arrived early today.
You'll be staying in Room 3804.
It's a suite.
The two of us?
Yes.
Because for this film,
We'll start with the intimate scenes.
So, the director arranged for you to live together
Hoping you can get used to each other
And get into character sooner.
Mr. Zhang, please do your best.
Get some rest. I'll head out now.
Okay.
- See you tomorrow, sir. - Okay, bye.
Mr. Zhen.
Stop right there.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Mr. Zhen, I didn't know you were in here.
I rang the bell, but you didn't answer.
I thought you hadn't arrived yet.
What the fuck does that have to do with you being here?
Answer me.
Why are you in my room?
This is my room, too.
What?
Isn't this film quite special?
The director... The assistant director said
The director wants us to build chemistry.
We're to live together before filming
To help us get into character.
Didn't he tell you?
Fuck.
My phone was on silent.
Even if we have to live together,
What the hell is this supposed to be?
I was going to take a shower.
Such an unreasonable request...
Don't you know how to refuse?
I...
I'll just follow the director's lead.
Spineless.
I'm going to find Chen Zheng Sen.
So, Mr. Zhen, what did the director say?
Did he agree?
I've thought about it.
We're both actors.
For the sake of the film and our roles,
It's only right to bond and immerse ourselves.
You don't have a problem with that, do you?
No, no problem a tall.
Then pick one.
What's this?
A USB drive from Director Chen.
He wants us to sit together on the bed...
And watch every movie on here first.
Is that really necessary?
Are you that good of an actor?
[Deep In Script]
You'll know if it's necessary after you read the script.
[Yanks his pants off]
[A leg thrown over the shoulder]
[Does that feel good? Say it! Does it feel good?]
Do we really have to...
Act all of this out?
I'm in the inner room.
Come in and talk.
When you're filming,
You just leave your stuff on the bed?
I usually have assistants.
But since we're here early to build chemistry,
I wasn't allowed to bring them.
Does your assistant clean your house too?
My girlfriend does it.
A few days ago, the company's PR
Said you didn't have a girlfriend.
The "Lonely Heartthrob".
Can't I have a secret relationship?
Sure. Of course you can.
Don't worry, I'll pretend I know nothing.
I was the one who chose you this time.
Really?
Thank you, Mr. Zhen.
I didn't expect you to give me this chance.
Don't mention it.
I just picked a resume at random.
So...
How do you plan to thank me?
You can pick whichever side of the bed you want.
What did you think of the script?
I feel...
It's so delicate.
Yes.
This movie has a lot of intimate scenes.
We really need to...
Build some chemistry.
Let's... pick one to watch.
Just watching isn't enough.
Do you know how to act such scenes well?
Then let's watch some films together at night.
The next morning,
We can practice what we saw.
The rest of the time is personal time.
I'll do my workout, and you do your own thing.
We'll just be normal colleagues.
What else would we be?
It's not like we're actually gay.
Oh, right.
I'll be more proactive in bed.
No need to tell me about you and your girlfriend.
I'm talking about...
You.
In the future,
Don't just take other people's umbrellas.
It's fine. I'm just using it for a bit.
Someone took his umbrella, and he's getting soaked,
Yet he's still sitting there eating so happily.
What's his name?
I don't know.